welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
icu
10 year old justin witter is abducted
while riding his bicycle through a local
park
greg harper john tenney is made lead
detective on the case
evidence in the form of a green pocket
knife is found connecting this case to a
previous series of abductions which
resulted in the conviction of another
man many years prior
harper's family is shown to be going
through its own troubles based on an
affair his wife
jackie helen hunt had been engaged in
their son connor judah lewis is very
resentful toward his mother because of
the affair
mysterious events begin plaguing the
house all the silverware goes missing
several pictures are removed from their
frames jackie's favorite coffee mug goes
missing
and a window repairman is let in by
someone inside the house while the
family is away
jackie goes into connor's room to pick
up laundry
and notices a strange mask under his bed
she doesn't ask about it one day
jackie's former lover todd sam trammell
arrives at the house and while jackie is
telling him she can't see him anymore
jackie's coffee mug comes from somewhere
and strikes him on the head
jackie hides him in the basement so she
can take connor to school
while looking around the basement todd
is hit over the head by an unknown
assailant and jackie comes home to find
him dead
she panics and assumes that conor has
killed todd
she and greg take the body to a wooded
area and bury his body
hoping to give conor an alibi while
conor is on the computer
someone sends him a link to a video of
someone walking around his own house
we see someone wearing the strange mask
in the doorway to his room
greg and jackie return home to find
connor tied up in the bathtub with a
green pocket knife nearby
jackie drives connor to the hospital
while greg searches the house and is
attacked with an
axe by the frog masked figure the film
then jumps back in time and reveals that
the mysterious happenings in the house
are caused by
two people mindy blightbearer and alec
owen teague
who have been frogging hiding in a house
unbeknownst to the owners
in the harper home mindy an experienced
frogger
tries to keep a very low profile so that
she never gets caught
while novice frogger alec decides he
wants to make the family believe they
are going insane
every mysterious occurrence in the film
is shown to have been caused by alec
including the missing silverware and
todd's incapacitation
however while todd is in the basement
mindy witnesses greg
killing him she goes to alert alec
only to see him putting connor in the
bathtub
she argues with alec who accidentally
pushes her down the stairs
knocking her out alec hides her in
greg's car
greg and jackie return and find connor
in the bathtub
jackie takes him to the hospital
after jackie leaves greg takes his own
car
unknowingly taking mindy with him
mindy awakens in the car and when she
finds a bag of green pocket
knives and justin witter's shirt
realizes that greg
is the kidnapper when greg parks the car
in the forest mindy sneaks out of the
car and calls 9-1-1
but doesn't have good enough reception
for them to hear her
mindy finds an old trailer with all the
abducted children
trapped in makeshift closets as
mindy tries to free them greg ambushes
her and takes her back to his house
he forces her to stand up before
shooting her dead
greg finally discovers mindy and alex
things
in the attic room alec gets greg's
attention with the record player and
attacks him with the axe greg knocks
alec out
then stabs himself to make it appear
that he's been attacked
alec reappears holding greg's gun and
tells him he knows he's the kidnapper
greg recognizes alec and attempts to
explain himself
but alec makes it clear he doesn't care
and shoots and kills greg
greg's partner spitsky arrives and
seeing alec holding the gun
shoots alec but when alex says
detective spitzky he recognizes him
spitsky finds the bag of evidence in
greg's trunk
the trapped boys are rescued from the
trailer
jackie and connor arrive home to find
their home swarming with police cars and
ambulances
flashbacks are shown of a younger alec
and a friend encountering greg
who hands alec a green pocket knife as
the present day
alec obviously a previous victim of
gregg's
is carried into an ambulance
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you